Q: What is the difference between the branch names "main" and "master"?
A: master ist die alte Bezeichnung und main die neue; ansonsten kein Unterschied

Q: How do you checkout into the working tree of branch "main"?
A: git checkout main

Q: What is the command that allows you to temporarily store away your current, uncommited changes in order to restore them later?
A: git stash

Q: How do you list the commit history?
A: git log

Q: What is the difference between "git pull" and "git fetch"?
A: git pull lädt die Änderungen am Repo herunter, git fetch werden auch Commits heruntergeladen

Q: What is the return type of the expression (true && false)?
A: boolean, false

Q: How can you write "i = i + 2" more concisely?
A: i +=2 

Q: How do you split a string on each occurence of ","?
A: split(",")

Q: How do you compare a String the proper way? How do you ignore the casing of the words?
A: xxx.equals(xxx), equalsIgnoreCase()
	

Q: Name an implementation of the "List" interface. Is a list ordered, is it sorted?
A: ArrayList, LinkedList, ordered not sorted

Q: Name an implementation of the "Set" interface. Is a list ordered, is it sorted?
A: Hashset, not ordered and not sorted

Q: We have an array "humans", what is the correct way of retrieving it's size?
A: humans.length

Q: For a list "humans", we try to access it's size with "int size = humans.size;". Is that correct?
A: nee, ich glaube int size = humans.size(); 

Q: How can we catch exceptions and prevent them from crashing our program?
A: mit try und catch (falls das so gemeint ist)

Q: How can you quickly load all lines from a file "quiz.txt" using a class from "java.nio"?
A: Files.readAllLines-Methode

Q: We have a class "Apple" that has an attribute "price" and also contains a "DEFAULT_PRICE" for all new apples. Which of them is static and why?
A: Default_price, weil der für alle neuen Apple gleich bleibt?!

Q: What is the full declaration of the "main" method of a class?
A: public static void main(String[] args)

Q: What is an object?
A: die Instanz der Klasse

Q: Which naming rule should you apply to the naming of methods?
A: lowerCamelCase

Q: Does java.util.Date only describe the date?
A: und time

Q: How can you store the local time (no time zone info)?
A: LocalTime

Q: Name at least one example of a generic interface from the standard library.
A: java.util.List falls das so gemeint ist
